What I have to do in order for me to
stay competitive in my space, I have to
learn how to leverage the tools. I've
got to be a problem solver. I've got to
move away from doing the task and I've
got to move into orchestrating and
building the solutions. So, if anything,
I'm going to land it on that one. Very
exciting future. There's a lot of things
coming. We hope you like this format.
Please let us know in the comments. Do
you like this format? Is the is the long
tong tall format here working for you?
Do you like it? Um let us know on the
social media platforms. Uh we really do
appreciate your listenership uh with
this kind of talks. We'll hopefully do
more of these. So Armando, thank you so
much. Any final thoughts?
>> No, I I think you're on point. And if
every anyone's trying to decipher
whether they should use something like
this, just try